CONTRIBUTING
------------
So you've emailed or messaged me on Discord, and you're a Dev for the project now. What's next? How do I contribute? Unfortunately, because of the way hosting works, and because of various privacy measures I've taken to avoid trolls getting access to the token, contributing is a complicated, multi-step process. Before you begin coding, get a feel for how the bot handles commands, and subsequently, how commands should be structured. The `index.js` and `ping.js` files should prove good examples for this. Once you have a good idea of how the bot works, go ahead and clone the repository and head over to the Project board. You may notice that we have a project open for each module that this bot will include: Moderation, Logging, Music, Games, Party Queues, Databasing, and Content Integration. Each project board has a To Do, In Progress, Ready to Test, and Completed column, which outlines the journey an issue or pull request will take in the stages of development. If you have an idea for a task, or see one that you think you can handle and is unassigned in the To Do section, claim the task by creating a blank file in the ***Experimental*** branch and submitting it as a pull request to the branch module that corresponds with the project it belongs in. These branches are protected (denoted by the p_), which allows the project workflow to be automated, and to ensure that tasks are getting put in the projects they belong in. On the pull request page, select the correct project from the menu on the right side, and include a checklist and description detailing what your file does. When your pull request clears review and you see it in the In Progress section of its project board, you have free reign to develop and commit changes, which I will pull and upload into the test bot, Jill, for you to test. Once everything is fully functional, I'll merge your file into production.
